docs(core): nx sync (#27825)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/reference/nx-json.md

}
```

## Sync

> These are global configuration options for the [`nx sync`](/reference/nx-commands#sync) command. The `nx sync` command runs all global and task-specific [sync generators](/concepts/sync-generators) to keep your codebase consistent with itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are global configuration options for the [`nx sync`](/reference/nx-commands#sync) command. The `nx sync` command runs all global and task-specific [sync generators](/concepts/sync-generators) to keep applicable files in sync with your project graph.
```

> These are global configuration options for the [`nx sync`](/reference/nx-commands#sync) command. The `nx sync` command runs all global and task-specific [sync generators](/concepts/sync-generators) to keep applicable files in sync with your project graph.

Reviewer 2: Same here about the sync generators not being limited to using the project graph as the source of truth.
